EARN THE LEGACY OF INDIA S TOP 10 ’ RANKED B-SCHOOL * Terms & Conditions Apply STATE-OF-THE-ART CAMPUS ADMISSION PROCEDURE MBA+PGPM (2 YEARS) ELIGIBILITY : Graduation (min. 50%) + 10+2(min. 50%) CERTIFICATION : Students join AGBS to pursue the PGPM and also enroll in the fleximode* MBA of Amity University. On successful completion of the respective programs, the student receives a PGPM certificate from AGBS and the fleximode* MBA from Amity University BBA+GPBA (3 YEARS) ELIGIBILITY : 10+2(min. 50%) CERTIFICATION : Students join AGBS to pursue the GPBA and also enroll in the fleximode* BBA of Amity University. On successful completion of the respective pograms, the student receives a GPBA certificate from AGBS and the fleximode* BBA from Amity University ADMISSION CRITERIA Admission will be based on percentage in the qualifying exam, English Essay Test and Interview UPTO 100% * SCHOLARSHIP AMITY GLOBAL BUSINESS SCHOOL NOIDA E-2 Block, Ground Floor, Amity University Campus, Sec. 125, Noida | Email: admissions@agbs.in Amity Helpline: 98-186-00962, 98-188-66723, 84-481-89204 | noida.agbs.in FEE STRUCTURE : MBA Sem-1 Sem-2 Sem-3 Sem-4 Total(in Rs.) FEE STRUCTURE : BBA Sem-1 Sem-2 Sem-3 Sem-4 Sem-5 Sem-6 Total(in Rs.) 2,54,700 2,54,700 2,80,700 2,80,700 10,70,800 1,67,900 1,67,900 1,83,300 1,83,300 1,89,000 1,89,000 10,80,400 HOSTEL FEES : Non AC ₹94,500/- per year | AC: ₹1,76,500/- per year Connect with us: facebook.com/agbsnoida/ twitter.com/noidaagbs/ instagram.com/agbsnoida/ in.pinterest.com/agbsnoida/ youtube.com/c/agbsnoida/ linkedin.com/school/agbsnoida
CAMPUS ACROSS 10 CITIES IN INDIA ABOUT US Amity is India's leading Global Education Group established over 2 decades ago. Today, it is home to over 200,000 brilliant students across pre nursery to Ph.D. levels pursuing more than 400 Programmes in 80 diverse disciplines ranging from Management to Law, besides future focused areas like Renewable Energy, Nuclear Science & Nanotechnology. The Group is driven by its vision of building up a Global Knowledge Network providing globally benchmarked education. Today, the group comprises 15 international campuses across London, Dubai, Singapore, New York, San Francisco, Abu Dhabi, Mauritius, Sharjah, South Africa, Amsterdam, Tashkent apart from India. 3 10 C ITIE S IN INDIA C A M P U S E S A C R O S S AHMEDABAD BENGALURU KOCHI MUMBAI INDORE PUNE CHENNAI NOIDA HYDERABAD BHUBANESWAR 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 200,000 Students 6,000 Faculty 13 Universities 15 Global Campuses 28 Schools & Preschools Campuses spread across 2,000 acres 35,000 Papers written by faculty 300 Global Universities as Research Partners 25,000 Scholarship awarded 700,000 Alumni worldwide KEY HIGHLIGHTS From the Desk of HEAD OF INSTITUTION Amity Global Business School (AGBS) Noida is one of the leading management institutions under the Amity Education Group. The lush green campus is located in Noida Sector-125, adjacent to the National Capital, Delhi. The institution was introduced with an objective of providing a global outlook and equipping budding managers with managerial abilities. AGBS Noida offers MBA and BBA programs with specializations in Marketing, Finance, International Business, Human Resources, Operations, Information Technology, Digital Marketing, Entrepreneurship & Family Business and Logistics Management. The institution over the years has constantly nurtured and developed Management Professionals with Global Competencies who are associated with reputed companies across the country and abroad. The institution has a legacy of a plethora of success stories to share. All the Management programs have been designed with inputs from industry leaders regularly. The students are provided an option to undertake study abroad programs in any of the global campuses. The faculty team consists of an optimum mix of experienced experts from the corporate and academia with a cumulative experience of more than 200 years. The future industry leaders are nurtured inculcating a sagacious mix of theory, practical and corporate exposure using latest teaching pedagogy techniques and skill development activities prevalent around the world. AGBS Noida has an excellent placement record with the alumni representing the leading organizations in the corporate world. Frequent industry-visits, corporate guest lectures, skill development activities, specialized practical trainings, latest teaching pedagogy tend to transform the students into skilled management professionals; ready to take on the world. The dedicated placement cell provides ample opportunities through campus selection process. AGBS Noida students are assigned mentors who provide counseling, guidance, and support throughout their tenure at the Institute. My best wishes to all the candidates who aspire to join AGBS, Noida. - Prof. (Dr.) Girish Kathuria Director (Head of the Institute) 2 From the Desk of Senior Vice President Amity unites a community of outstanding faculty and driven students who share a common passion to pursue excellence and positively impact our world. Following the same guiding principle, Amity has been established as a prestigious centre for top-tier, multidisciplinary education in Noida. If you possess brilliance, passion, diligence, and an aspiration to effect global change, then we invite you to join us in this endeavour. Our primary objective is to create an enriching learning environment - Mr. U.Ramachandran Sr. Vice President Amity Education Group that empowers students with the professional skills necessary for success in their chosen fields. Our dedicated faculty members are unwavering in their mission to offer the finest academic exposure to our students. As a premier business school, we are committed to making our students industry-ready by equipping them with the necessary professional skills. Furthermore, we instil Indian values and Sanskars in our students, nurturing them to become not only accomplished professionals but also exemplary individuals.
5 INDUSTRY INTERACTIONS CORPORATE SPEAK Mr. Pradeep Hatgaonkar Country Head - HR Hitachi Astemo India Mr. Sanjay Banga Chief Managing Director Cement Corporation of India Ltd (CCI) Mr. Sabih Kidwai Director Schneider Electric Mr. Ayush Gupta Director HR Gail India Limited Mr. Dibendu Das Director-Finance Engineering Projects (India) Ltd. Ms. Swati Dash Director HR HCL Technologies Mr. Ramkrishna Sataluri Executive Vice Presidents and Country Head Tata Power Soler Systems Limited Mr. Pradyumna Pandey Chief Human Resource Officer Mother Dairy Mr. Amit Jewar Business Head Dabur India Limited 4 AMITY GLOBAL BUSINESS SCHOOL NOIDA Amity Global Business School Noida is a leading Business School, located in the heart of Noida city. The Institution encompasses a blend of faculty members from the academia and industry. The Corporate Resource Cell of Amity Global Business School Noida organises time to time – International Summits– Conferences and Conclaves alongside guest lectures, workshops and seminars delivered by eminent industry stalwarts. Our management training modules generally revolve around recent case studies with extended application of management p h i l o s o p h i e s . B u s i n e s s C o m m u n i c a t i o n , P e r s o n a l i t y Development and soft skills training is integral to enhance the employability of our students. A periodic review is undertaken for curriculum updation vetted by industry experts and academicians. We provide a conductive learning atmosphere for our students with quality infra-structure including a fully Wi-Fi campus, air conditioned classrooms, air-conditioned world- class central library, auditoriums, seminar halls, swimming pool, shooting range, sports fields, hostel facilities, banks, ATMs and other amenities within the campus. Amity Global Business School Noida offers world class management education – making students learning a holistic experience. PROGRAMMES OFFERED BBA + GPBA Marketing | Finance | HR | IT | IB Entrepreneurship | Logistics | Business Intelligence & Data Analytics | Digital Marketing MBA + PGPM Marketing | Finance | HR | IT | IB Operations & Supply Chain Management | Digital Marketing | Entrepreneurship | Business Intelligence & Data Analytics | Transportation & Logistics PROGRAMMES HIGHLIGHTS LEARNING FROM FACULTY WHO HAVE DEVELOPED 3500 CASE STUDIES bought by top institutions like MIT, Harvard, Mckinsey, KPMG across 110 nations FLEXIBLE CREDIT RATING SYSTEM - A diverse choice of several credit courses, which facilitates cross- functional learning 5-WEEKS STUDY ABROAD PROGRAMME at Amity's Campuses in London, New York, Dubai or Singapore CAREER COUNSELLING BY FACULTY to help you choose the right career path. EXPERIENTIAL LEARNING with focus on live projects, case studies, consulting assignments and collaborative learning 120,000 STRONG ALUMNI NETWORK across 60 disciplines EXTENSIVE INDUSTRY INTERACTION Over 2000 webinars conducted with Industry Leaders even during lockdown AMITY INNOVATION INCUBATOR to nurture student’s entrepreneurial dreams. 4 5 6 1 2 3 7 9 8 WIDE RANGE OF SPECIALIZATIONS - ranging from conventional to future-focussed. My recent interaction with students at AGBS Noida was truly interesting. Their energy and enthusiasm were contagious, and it was evident that they possess a strong foundation in both theoretical knowledge and practical application. I extend my best wishes to the AGBS Noida management and staff for their continued success in shaping these well-rounded and ambitious students Pradeep Hatgaonkar I interacted with students of AGBS Noida and it was a pleasure to meet them. I found them to be students with lot of positive energy. They had a fine blend of theoretical and practical knowledge. Also, what impressed me the most about these Amity students was their confidence, knowledge of subjects and clarity about their future goals. This shows the professional training they have received from Amity faculty. I want to wish the management and staff success in grooming the students in the future as well. Ms. Seema Kapur Director Logistics Jubilant Ingrevia Limited My experience at AGBS Noida cemented my belief that it is more than just a business school; it is a breeding ground for future leaders. The dedication of the faculty, the energy of the students, and the commitment to excellence are truly exemplary. I have no doubt that AGBS Noida graduates will not only succeed in their chosen fields but also contribute significantly to the advancement of the business world. Amit Jawar Country Head - HR Hitachi Astemo India Business Head North Dabur India Limited
7 ALUMNI REFLECTIONS The experience at AGBS NOIDA has been excellent. All the renowned faculty members treat the students like their children, pushing them for betterment, instilling the confidence that a student desires in their career, encouraging us, and ensuring that we develop and evolve as a whole. Thank you AGBS and all the teachers. This has truly been the best learning and developing experience. Sadhna Mishra MBA BATCH 2022-24 I am immensely grateful for the unwavering support, mentorship, and resources that I have received from the faculty, placement cell and peers of my AGBS Noida. The rigorous coursework, engaging discussions, and practical learning opportunities have equipped me with the skills and knowledge needed to excel in the dynamic business landscape. AGBS Noida truly captured the essence of the holistic learning experience that I have been fortunate to be a part of. Mayank Kumar Jha MBA BATCH 2022-24 As a student at Amity Global Business School, I can confidently say that my experience here has been transformative. Not only have I gained valuable knowledge in my chosen field, but I've also developed crucial life skills such as time management, critical thinking, and effective communication. The opportunities for personal and academic growth are abundant, and I'm grateful for the supportive environment that encourages exploration and discovery. Shaurya Makheja BBA BATCH 2021-24 I feel highly obliged and grateful to AGBS for giving me a lifetime opportunity to explore new horizons and make reliable and resourceful connections. Amity has provided me numerous opportunities for the overall development. I feel more confident after connecting with Amity. Rishika Singh BBA BATCH 2023-26 6 FEW OF OUR RECRUITERS NOTABLE ALUMNI CBRE India Hardeep Singh Vikas Garg Noon- Dubai Vikas Joon Eventoss Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. Shubham Sinha Unicommerce Shubhashish Banerjee MRG WORLD Kotak Mahindra Bank Vaibhav Fadnavis Kamayani Rajvanshi Infosys Megha Dhawan Amazon
Source: https://noida.agbs.in/brochure.pdf